happy accessories is a public art
exhibition it's made by international
and Danish art artists and children that
decorates on the Christmas trees the
Xmas trees and they are in the city or
doing all of Christmas in Copenhagen and
when we are finished with dancing around
the Xmas trees and having joy with them
they put on a big auction on Lourdes
calm where the money is for building for
station in Mali in Africa the message
with happy Xmas trees is that we
contribute to the joy for each other
to take care of each other but also
about the global climate and for people
in the developing countries
the 40 happy Xmas trees are placed all
around Copenhagen to spread out the
joyful and happy message of Christmas
every year for Sunday's before Christmas
nights we liked the big Christmas tree
in the city of Copenhagen in the center
of Copenhagen right in front of the
Copenhagen City Hall it's a wonderful
tradition we did it for 95 years now and
we'll do it every year and a lot of
Copenhagen us and a lot of tourists will
gather around us to see the tree get lit
by by Santa Claus who will crawl into
the big firefighter ladder and make sure
that there will be lights at the city
hall square all through December and
this year it's been cold it's been
freezing it's even been snowing so it's
the perfect start of a wonderful
December month and I know that all the
Copenhagen of walking by this beautiful
tree and get reminded that it's December
and it will soon be Christmas so merry
Christmas everyone
navigating through them and the ended
problem you to the store who's pregnant
are you an apple pie